DM-818 Documentation for Loriot Downlink Support (#616)
SoftwareAG/c8y-docs: content/protocol-integration/lora-loriot-bundle/loriot-overview.md

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} can interface with LORIOT Network Server through the Loriot agent microservice. You can:

> * Configure the Loriot agent endpoint in LORIOT Network Server using {{< product-c8y-iot >}} data forwarder or create a Loriot LNS Connection and register the device in Cumulocity. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Configure the Loriot agent endpoint in LORIOT Network Server using {{< product-c8y-iot >}} data forwarder or create a Loriot LNS connection and register the device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. 
```

> * Configure the Loriot agent endpoint in LORIOT Network Server using {{< product-c8y-iot >}} data forwarder or create a Loriot LNS connection and register the device in {{< product-c8y-iot >}}. 

Reviewer 2: We can register a device directly from Cumulocity which allows the user to perform the downlink. The agent also support automatic registers which doesn't have an option to of downlink.   Modify it to mention two way its possible and one has the limitation

{{< product-c8y-iot >}} can interface with LORIOT Network Server through the Loriot agent microservice. You can:

> * Register the device in 2 ways:
>   - Create a Loriot LNS Connection and register the device using Cumulocity.
>   - Configure the Loriot Agent Endpoint via Loriot Network Server and register the device via uplink message. In order to be able to send downlink messages, the devices created using this method need to be re-registered via Cumulocity, so as to be associated with a connection and device type.  

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Register the device in two ways:
  - Create a Loriot LNS connection and register the device using {{< product-c8y-iot >}}.
  - Configure the Loriot Agent endpoint via Loriot Network Server and register the device via uplink message. In order to be able to send downlink messages, the devices created using this method need to be re-registered via {{< product-c8y-iot >}} to be associated with a connection and device type.  
```
